Theo, did I tell you that I've taken up a new hobby?
Do you have any paintings that you can show me?
Here's a watercolor of my dog, Paul.
But it's not very good.
You'll get better with practice.
How about I paint a picture of your dog in the park?
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Japanese is really hard, especially reading and writing.
I'll never learn all these kanji characters.
Well, it takes a long time.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
But I'm behind all the other students in my class.
I feel like a failure.
Everyone learns at their own pace.
I wish I could learn faster.
Hey, you need a break.
Let's get a cup of coffee at the café.
Coach, I wanted to win the dance competition so badly.
I know I wasn't in sync with the other dancers at the start.
The winning team was simply too good today.
It's just hard to accept this result.
That's part and parcel of any sport.
You're right, as always.
You seem a little down.
I just got an email from one of our American clients.
We didn't get the sales contract.
My presentation last week was a disaster.
I didn't prepare well enough.
Thanks, Alana, but actually I didn't do such a good job.
Well, don't hesitate to ask me for help next time.
Well, you've already finished the report I asked you for, so that should be no problem.
Mr. Carter, could I leave early today?
It's my daughter's birthday today.
Are you going to get a cake for her?
I'm going to get a cake with lots of fruit.By the way, would you mind watering my plants while I'm away?
I thought you were away on a trip somewhere.
I'm going to Boracay for a nice break before the new semester.
It's a beautiful island in the Philippines, famous for its white sand beaches.
Yes, I'm really looking forward to it.
But I'll expect a wonderful souvenir!
Would it be OK if I reserved a table at the sushi restaurant in the Hotel New Onishi?
I'm looking for my car key.
An important client from France is coming here next Friday.
Her name is Marie Rousseau.
Yayoi, can you book a good restaurant for the evening?
What kind of food does she like?
I know she likes Japanese food.
The sushi there is excellent.
How many people should I reserve it for?
Oh, that sounds really exciting!
What time does this movie start?
Did you do anything special?
Well, I was finally able to enjoy doing some writing on the terrace of my favorite café.
It's actually quite relaxing.
The hardest part is finding a seat because it's always crowded on weekends.
By the way, what do you usually write about?
I just write whatever comes to my mind.
Where did you see me?
It was in the shopping mall.
You were with a young woman.
Are you sure it was me?
I was there alone on Sunday.
I'm pretty sure it was you.
You seemed to be enjoying chatting with her.
That was one of my English students.
We bumped into each other by chance.
I'm not sure about that.
There's a good movie coming out this week.
Honey, I was thinking that we should go on a trip to celebrate our son's high school graduation.
Where do you suggest we go?
We've already been to Okinawa.
But Ren wants to go again.
He loves the beach and Okinawan culture.
Hotel prices are kind of expensive at this time of year.
Let me look for some deals on the internet.
I'm sorry, but I don't agree.
We want to change the annual Soba Festival to the annual Udon Festival.How come you're trying to make such a big change?
These days, younger people prefer udon to soba, and we want to attract more young people to our festival.
The Soba Festival is a very important tradition.
I don't think we should change it.
Well, we need to discuss this further before making a final decision.
Are you serious?
I'm planning to volunteer this summer.
Did you read the email announcement?
It's from our new company president.
Men have to wear a tie every day from now on.
Yes, that's what it says.
He says our company has been too casual, and we need to look more professional.
You must be joking!
I think the new president is kind of a strict person.
You can say that again!
Yamanashi is so beautiful at this time of year!
Yes, the peach blossoms look lovely.
Oh, Dad, we just missed the bus.
Let's take a taxi to get to our video-shooting location.
We've already spent lots of money for this trip.
Do you have the phone number of a taxi company?
I can do a search on my phone.
I think I agree with most of what you're saying.
Well, I finally finished reading Professor Peacock's latest book.
I believed about 25 percent of what he wrote.
The majority of the book is pure fiction.
He jumps to too many conclusions.
And there's no evidence for his theories.
So, why are you such a big fan of his books?
What is the first item on the agenda?
Every year at this time, many new students come to our town.
We should do something to welcome them.
Do you have anything in mind?
I was thinking of putting lottery boxes in shops.
That would attract students.
What kind of prize would they get?
Maybe a free meal at my restaurant?
Would you like a sandwich?
Dad, how were the hina doll sales this year?
They were OK, but we didn't get as many customers as I expected.We need some new promotional tools to increase sales next year.
We could make a video and put it on our website.
I was thinking of dancing hina dolls.
Can you make such a video?
The point I was trying to make is that we can't wait.
I was impressed by the speech you gave at the English speech contest last week.
I was a little nervous, though.
I think you did a great job.
I spoke with passion in order to get people's attention.
I liked the way you stressed the urgency of the climate change problem.
What I meant was it's the most natural look for you.
So, how do you like my new hairstyle, Caspar?
I spent a lot of money to get it styled this way.
I meant it as a compliment, Alexis.
Can't you think of a better word, such as \"elegant\" or \"chic,\" or \"trendy?\"
I don't need to go to a stylist to have a \"natural\" look.
Are you saying that I have to do all that too?
How is the customer database coming along, Kate?
I'll be done in about another... 15 minutes.
But after that, invitation cards and labels for the envelopes need to be printed out by the end of today.
That's good, because there is no way I could get all this done by the deadline.
Could you explain that in a little more detail?
Are we all ready for the show house fair this weekend?
Yes, I went to our show house this morning.
I took some photos on my phone.
It looks good, but we need to do something for the kids.
Well, for example, we should have balloons, snacks, and even show cartoons to keep them entertained.
What do you mean by that?
Freddy, your team didn't win this time, but all the players fought hard.
We'll come back next time.
We don't always win, but we never lose.
I mean that even if we don't win, we never lose heart.
Wow, that's a great attitude.
That's why we are the champions, my friend.
Sorry, I didn't catch you.
Jessica, I have to tell you something.
I thought teaching and archaeology were your life.
That's true, but I'm getting older, you know.
Maybe my best days are behind me.
Don't say that, Professor!